= PsychoStats Version 3.0.x QUICK Installation = 

For more detailed installation instructions please view the online
documentation at the following URL:
http://www.psychostats.com/wiki/PsychoStats_Installation

For those that are too impatient follow the quick step guide below.

== Quick Note ==

PsychoStats has two parts. The 'local' perl scripts that do all the database 
updates and stats processing. And the 'upload' files that make up all of the 
PHP files that allow you to view the stats web pages on your website.

The only suggestion I can make is that the 'local' files SHOULD NEVER BE 
located inside your website directory tree. If you put it somewhere where the 
webserver can access it then any user on the Internet would be able to read 
your stats.cfg file and see your database settings. You've been warned.

== QUICK WINDOWS INSTALLATION ==

I encourage Windows users to view the online documentation as it has
very detailed steps on what to do for installation.
http://www.psychostats.com/wiki/PsychoStats_Installation

1) You've already unzipped the archive. So you have a directory 
structure that looks like this:

* \lib
* \upload
* \scripts
** daily.bat
** psychostats.bat
** scanclans.bat
* changelog.txt
* INSTALL.TXT
* stats.pl
* stats.cfg

2) Copy the 'upload' directory to your website. If your website is on the same 
machine then just drag and drop the directory inside your website directory. If 
your website is remote you'll want to upload the directory to the remote 
server. Be sure to upload the directory as a different name, afterall using the 
name 'upload' isn't very descriptive for your stats. I suggest uploading the 
files into a directory named 'stats'.

3) Browse to the stats installation wizard with your browser:
	http://localhost/stats/install/index.php

Be sure to replace 'localhost' with the actual domain name of your website. And 
then just follow the instructions.

4) Edit the stats.cfg in this directory with the proper database settings so 
PsychoStats can connect to your database.

5) In the 'scripts' directory there is a 'psychostats.bat' file. If you double 
click on that file it will run the stats update for you. You could also just 
double click on the 'stats.pl' file. But if you encounter errors the 
'psychostats.bat' file will allow you to see the errors easier.

== QUICK LINUX INSTALLATION ==

1) You've already unzipped the archive. So you have a directory structure that 
looks the same as the directory listing in the Windows instructions above.

2) Copy or upload the 'upload' directory to your website. The rest of the 
archive should remain where it is. Usually within your home directory. There is 
no need to move it anywhere. However, make sure its NOT within your WWW or 
public_html directory tree. Otherwise remote users would be able to view your 
stats.cfg and gain access to your database.

	mkdir -p /path/to/website/stats
	cp -rf upload/* /path/to/website/stats

3) Browse to the stats installation wizard with your browser:
	http://localhost/stats/install/index.php

Be sure to replace 'localhost' with the actual domain name of your website. And 
then just follow the instructions.

4) Edit the stats.cfg in this directory with the proper database settings so 
PsychoStats can connect to your database. 

5) All Done! Now you just need to run the stats.pl to update your stats. If you 
have shell access on your server then just run:
	./stats.pl -v

If you do not have shell access and are limited to only running programs with 
'cron' updates then you'll want to add a cron entry to run the stats.pl on a 
daily basis (like every hour or so).
